gRPC testing doc updates (#24644)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/test-tools.md

This article discusses how to:

* Set up gRPC reflection with a gRPC ASP.NET Core app.
* Download and install gRPCurl and gRPCui.
* Discover and test gRPC services with `grpcurl`.
* Interact with gRPC services via a browser using `grpcui`.

> [!NOTE]
> To learn how to unit test gRPC services, see <xref:grpc/test-services>.

## Set up gRPC reflection

Tooling must know the Protobuf contract of services before it can call them. There are two ways to do this:

> * Set up [gRPC reflection](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/server-reflection.md) on the server. Tooling such as gRPCurl and Postman automatically discovers service contracts.

Reviewer: Subject-verb agreement is fine, but it might be easier on the 👂 and loc as ...

```suggestion
* Set up [gRPC reflection](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/server-reflection.md) on the server. Tools, such as gRPCurl and Postman, automatically discover service contracts.
```
